# Automated Reaction Center Identification for the Generation of Reaction-Specific Representations in Asymmetric Hydrogenation

This repository serves as the dedicated codebase for my Bachelor's thesis

## Project Overview

This project includes the scripts and functions developed and used throughout my thesis work. To fully understand and recreate the functionality of this project, it is essential to refer to the accompanying Bachelor's thesis, which provides detailed explanations and context.

### Key Points:

- **Directories:** To execute the code correctly, you will need to specify directories for certain input and output files as described in the thesis.
- **Script Enumeration:** All scripts, except for `xtb_func.py`, have been numbered to provide a clear understanding of the workflow.
- **Conda Environment:** It is recommended to use a Conda environment. This allows for easy adaptation to different Python versions, ensuring compatibility and stability with the required libraries.

## Repository Structure

The repository is organized into the following main directories:

- **Code/**: Contains all the scripts used in the project. This includes:
  - `xtb_func.py`: Core functions used across various scripts.
  - Numbered scripts (e.g., `01_script.py`, `02_script.py`, etc.) to reflect the workflow order.
  
- **Earlier Versions/**: Contains earlier versions of scripts and other files that are no longer actively used. This directory serves as a storage for older or experimental versions that may not be fully functional or relevant to the final project.

- **Data/**: Stores various input and output data used in the project. This includes:
  - Input data files required for the scripts to run.
  - Output data generated by the scripts, including optimized structures, calculated descriptors, and more.

## Dependencies

In addition to the libraries installed via `pip3` or `nano`, you will need to download the "Local Mapper" project from the following repository:

[Local Mapper Repository](https://github.com/snu-micc/LocalMapper.git)

## Code Structure

- The code has been partially commented and tested.
- Object-oriented programming principles have been applied, although not extensively.

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Pedaddel/Bachelor-Thesis.git
2. Install necessary dependencies and LocalMapper
3. Continue by reading the Bachelor-Thesis
